31 Jul 2025:
loop. lets see. first setup with current_zig and then take it
one step at a time. done. now we want to set up the loop.

TODO: turn off the autoreloads.

okay how do we want to do this? I think we need the theme first. we had some
idea of a snake. but we could also do something like ants. basically we want
some kind of a loop that we can drag around, and we need to thing whether the
guys will follow the line, or lag. I think lag is better. but first we need to
create the draggable loop. lets give it 100 segments, and think how we want to
do the "physics". Either we handle it on our own with some kind of fabrik
thing or we use some hind of physics library. 

I mean lets do the first one?

So for fabrik, we need something like a chain. and we are going to be doing
points. so on need for segment I kihn.

cool. Lets say that we want a 5 min hiscore game.
- larger track
- faster movers
- more movers
- movers can carry more

then the pickups keep moving around the screen, so you have to readjust your
tracks to pick them up. 
so what is another hectic thing. If we are going hectic, then ants and all
dont make as much sense.

- cleanup? I still like the sorcerecs apprentice kinda thing. 
- collection of some kind
    what would we be collecting? what is hectic to collect? black friday?
    fruit harvest of some sort? 
- defense / firefighting
    i kinda like this. imagine the broomsticks carrying buckets.
    what is the "fuel" here? 

so we could do a mix of the two then? so basic thing is water to field. then
once things grow, field to shop. then if there is a fire, then that needs to
be put out. so then you have to keep moving around the things and trying to
fix problems. that works 

so for today, pick up, dropoff, growth.

how do we do growth? I think we always want to add 4 points and in the gaps.

---

01 Aug 2025:
now we have to plan and see how much it is that we want to do with that thing.
So right now we have very little. I think we start off by getting the art work
in.

okay we need a plan. so we had the idat in mind I think. So now it is just a
matter of executing on the thing. start off with "unlocking" the next step. so
zone has to count how many were deliverd.


